DX-483 Removed noCVC from the examples in the main integrations and a… (#119)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/one-click-payments.md

If you, for any reason, need to delete a `paymentToken`
you use the `Delete payment token` request.

{% include alert.html type="warning"
                      icon="warning"
                      body="Please note that this call does not erase the card number stored at Swedbank
  Pay. A card number is automatically deleted six months after a successful

>   `Delete payment token` request. If you want to remove card information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Delete payment token` request. If you want card information removed
```

>   beforehand, you need to contact ehandelsetup@swedbankpay.dk,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  at an earlier date, you need to contact ehandelsetup@swedbankpay.dk,
```
